Cleanup testing reference manual section (#683)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/testing/lmp-testplan.rst

 * *Rolling update* scenario

   ``Test-runner.py`` is a script from test-definitions repository.
   It is able to run tests on the remote OS using SSH as a connection medium.
   It is used to execute tests in the ‘rolling update’ scenario.
   Test results are reported to both qa-reports and FIO backend.
   Reporting to FIO backend is done with fiotest.
   Fiotest is also responsible for starting a test round following an OTA update.
   Test plan executed in the “rolling update” scenario is limited.
   Tests disabling networking and potentially corrupting the OS are disabled.

 * Docker apps update

   Testing of Docker apps update should be done using a container registered for aktualizr-lite callbacks.
   This way we are as close as possible to testing a production setup.

When To Test
============

A testing round is started after every merge to ``lmp-manifest``.
If the build is successful, all testing Factories pull the latest source from ``lmp-manifest`` and merge to their working branches.
A successful build in the testing Factory triggers tests on the devices.
OTA update is delivered to the *rolling update* devices.
This also triggers a testing round on the new Target.

> For a release candidate buil,d additional manual tests are performed.

Reviewer: should be ``build, ``

Author: weird, I recall seeing that while editing, and thought I had fixed it! Thanks for spotting it!

> For a release candidate buil,d additional manual tests are performed.

Author: ```suggestion
For a release candidate build, additional manual tests are performed.
```
